== mod_spox IRC bot

mod_spox is an IRC robot, written in Ruby, and will completely change your prospective on life. mod_spox is proof that doing nothing is complex, and that doing nothing can, in fact, be doing something.

The core of mod_spox is basically a framework for interacting with IRC. By itself, the bot does nothing of value, aside from sucking up bandwidth and resources from the server it is connected to. The core bot can connect to a server, format information from the server, and send information back to the server properly. That's pretty much it. 

The framework provided by mod_spox allows it to quickly transform from a useless bag of bytes to something entertaining, annoying, helpful, and aggravating, occasionally all at the same time. This transformation is accomplished through the use of plugins which use the framework to accomplish feats of greatness.

Included with mod_spox are a variety of plugins to help make the bot a bit more interesting.

* Authenticator - Authenticate users for running commands
* Banner - Pattern matching bans. Timed bans. Ban accumulation. 
* BotNick - Sends nick information to the server
* Helper - Provide help on various plugins
* Initializer - Gets the bot all ready on startup
* Joiner - Join a channel
* Nicker - Change the bot's nick
* Parter - Part a channel
* Permissions - Change permissions on triggers
* PluginLoader - Load and unload plugins
* Ponger - Send PONG replies
* Quitter - Quit
* Servers - Server configuration
* Status - Show bot status and version information
* Triggers - Show, add, remove triggers

Wow. So many amazing plugins that some how seem to make the bot even more boring than it was when it was completely useless. Fear not, for there are a variety of optional plugins designed to strip the boring and replace it with rainbows and unicorns.

* AOLSpeak - Speak in AOL. Kick in AOL.
* AutoKick - Kick/Ban based on message pattern matching
* AutoMode - Automatically set nicks +o or +v
* AutoRejoin - Rejoin channel on KICK or connection automatically
* Bash - Grab a bash.org quote
* Bullshit - Spout bullshit
* Bytes - Convert bytes to human readable
* Confess - Show confessions
* DevWatch - Report changes on a trac timeline
* DownForEveryoneOrJustMe - Check if a site is down
* EightBall - Let mod_spox answer life's most difficult questions
* FML - Assurance that life could be worse
* Fortune - Random fortunes from fortune files
* GoogleIt - Perform search for people who are unable
* Headers - Show headers from a given site
* Karma - Tally the karma of things. 
* Locator - Locate a nick
* Logger - Log a channel
* LolSpeak - Translate text to LOL
* NickServ - Identify with NickServ
* PhpCli - Execute PHP code
* PhpFuncLookup - Lookup and display PHP functions
* Pinger - Send pong reply to nick
* Quotes - Store channel quotes
* RegexTracker - Track how often a pattern appears in channel
* Roulette - Ask mod_spox to shoot you
* RubyCli - Execute Ruby code
* Search - Search the web for terms
* Seen - Keep sighting log of nicks
* SlashdotHeadlineGenerator - Generate Slashdot headlines
* Slashdot - Show current Slashdot headlines
* Talk - Make mod_spox talk
* Topten - Current chattiest people
* TracTicket - Add new tickets to trac
* Translate - Translate text. Also provides automatic translation
* Twitter - Display status message of twits to channel
* UrbanDictionary - The only dictionary that matters on IRC
* Weather - Show the weather

== Critical informations

* Author: spox <spox@rubyforge.org>
* {Dev Site}[http://dev.modspox.com]
* {Rubyforge}[http://rubyforge.org/projects/modspox]
* {GitHub}[http://github.com/spox/mod_spox/tree/master]

== Aquiring

Gem:
    gem install mod_spox

== Aquiring current unstable

Gem:
    gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
    gem install spox-mod_spox

Source:
    git clone git://github.com/spox/mod_spox.git
    cd mod_spox/
    gem build *.gemspec
    gem install ./

== Requirements

* {Sequel}[http://sequel.rubyforge.org]
* {ActionTimer}[http://dev.modspox.com/~sine/ActionTimer]
* {ActionPool}[http://dev.modspox.com/~sine/ActionPool]
* {spockets}[http://dev.modspox.com/~sine/spockets]
* Database adapter of choice compatible with sequel

== Configuration

    mod_spox --config

== Running

=== Plain

    mod_spox

=== Debug to STDOUT

    mod_spox -V info -d

=== Daemonize with debug to file

    mod_spox -V info -d /home/user/logfiles/mod_spox.log -D

== Extending

{Plugins HOWTO}[http://dev.modspox.com/trac/mod_spox/wiki/PluginHowto]

== Helping

Helpful things if you are feeling helpful:

* Report bugs
* Write unit tests
* New and/or useful plugins

== License

    mod_spox is licensed under the GPLv3
    Copyright (c) 2009 spox <spox@modspox.com>
